com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/DialogInfoSystemColorBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.DialogInfoSystemColorBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/FragmentPercentageNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.FragmentPercentageNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/FragmentAverageNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.FragmentAverageNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/FragmentNthRootNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.FragmentNthRootNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ItemColorSavedBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ItemColorSavedBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/BuildConfig.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.BuildConfig
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/FragmentExponentNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.FragmentExponentNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/DialogInfoRuleOfThreeInverseBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.DialogInfoRuleOfThreeInverseBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityColorcodeBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityColorcodeBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityUpdateVersionBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityUpdateVersionBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/FragmentRuleOfThreeNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.FragmentRuleOfThreeNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityExtraCalculationsBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityExtraCalculationsBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityPaletteColorsBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityPaletteColorsBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ItemPaletteColorBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ItemPaletteColorBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityNumericalSystemsNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityNumericalSystemsNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/DialogInfoRuleOfThreeDirectBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.DialogInfoRuleOfThreeDirectBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/DialogInfoColorBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.DialogInfoColorBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ItemLayoutBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityListSavedColorsBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityListSavedColorsBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityGammaColorsBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityGammaColorsBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityCalculatorNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityCalculatorNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/DialogChangeValueColorBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.DialogChangeValueColorBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/ActivityConverterNewBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.ActivityConverterNewBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/databinding/SpinnerDropdownItemBinding.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.databinding.SpinnerDropdownItemBinding
com/just_jump/coding_calculator/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.just_jump.coding_calculator.DataBindingTriggerClass
